content/post/2012-03-28-todo-app-with-chico-ui.md, before:

+++
title = "Todo App with Chico UI"
description = "I built a Todo App with Chico UI, here is the result."
tags = [ "chico-ui", "javascript", "demo"]
date = "2012-03-28"
categories = [
  "JavaScript"
]
slug = "todo-app-with-chico-ui"
+++

I've been following the buzz around [Chico UI](http://www.chico-ui.com.ar) lately, and I've found a lot of interesting thoughts, like this guy (don't remember the name) saying that the only thing that is missing, is a Todo App demo builded with Chico. I actually, don't think we need one, but any way, [I builded one](http://natos.github.com/chicoui-todo) and I published it [there in Github](https://github.com/natos/chicoui-todo).

[![Todo Screenshot](/assets/images/todo-app-with-chico-ui/screenshot.png)](http://natos.github.com/chicoui-todo)

Although I'm no longer working in the Chico's dev team, I can say that this framework is not aiming to solve architecture or structure issues on web apps, like [Backbone](http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) (great tool by the way) or [Spine](http://spinejs.com/). Chico is just a collection of widgets ready to use, to build UIs really quick, without rethinking solutions.

Some of the features I used
- List Class
- Blink Widget
- Countdown Widget
- Keyboard Events
- CSS Library

I hope you enjoy this demo ;)

Commit message:

Fixed some bad links, tags and categories

content/post/2012-03-28-todo-app-with-chico-ui.md, after:

+++
title = "Todo App with Chico UI"
description = "I built a Todo App with Chico UI, here is the result."
tags = [ "chico-ui", "javascript", "demo"]
date = "2012-03-28"
categories = [
  "JavaScript"
]
slug = "todo-app-with-chico-ui"
notes = "edit: 11/12/2016 Backbone and Spine links were broken;"
+++

I've been following the buzz around [Chico UI](http://www.chico-ui.com.ar) lately, and I've found a lot of interesting thoughts, like this guy (don't remember the name) saying that the only thing that is missing, is a Todo App demo builded with Chico. I actually, don't think we need one, but any way, [I builded one](http://natos.github.com/chicoui-todo) and I published it [there in Github](https://github.com/natos/chicoui-todo).

[![Todo Screenshot](/assets/images/todo-app-with-chico-ui/screenshot.png)](http://natos.github.com/chicoui-todo)

Although I'm no longer working in the Chico's dev team, I can say that this framework is not aiming to solve architecture or structure issues on web apps, like [Backbone](http://backbonejs.org/) (great tool by the way) or [Spine](http://spine.github.io/). Chico is just a collection of widgets ready to use, to build UIs really quick, without rethinking solutions.

Some of the features I used
- List Class
- Blink Widget
- Countdown Widget
- Keyboard Events
- CSS Library

I hope you enjoy this demo ;)
